README.md, before:

# react-native-daterange-picker

A React Native component for picking date ranges or single dates.

- Completely customizable
- Uses Moment.js for handling dates


<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/date_range_3.gif" width=300/>


## Installation

```yarn add react-native-daterange-picker```

or

```npm install --save react-native-daterange-picker```

## Usage

### Date range

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment()
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          endDate={endDate}
          startDate={startDate}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
          range
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```

### Single date

<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/single_date_2.gif" width=300/>

Use the ```date``` prop instead of the ```startDate``` and ```endDate``` props.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
	  date: null,
      displayedDate: moment()
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { date, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          date={date}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```

### Minimum and maximum allowed dates

<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/disabled_dates_1.gif" width=300/>

Use the ```minDate``` and ```maxDate``` props to disable the dates that aren't allowed.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment(),
      minDate: moment().set("date", 17),
      maxDate: moment().set("date", 20)
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate, minDate, maxDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          startDate={startDate}
          endDate={endDate}
          minDate={minDate}
          maxDate={maxDate}
          range
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```


### Setting locale

Simply pass your custom Moment object with locale attached to it as a prop.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

import moment from "moment/min/moment-with-locales";
moment.locale("en");

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment(),
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          endDate={endDate}
          startDate={startDate}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
          range
          moment={moment}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```


## Options


|Property|type|required?|defaultValue|Description|
|---|---|:-:|:-:|---|
| onChange| function| yes  |   | Date change callback function.  |
| startDate  | Moment  | yes (if ```range```)  |   | Value of the picked start date.  |
| endDate  | Moment    |yes (if ```range```)   |   | Value of the picked end date.  |
| date |Moment    | yes (if no ```range```) |   | Value of the picked single date.  |
| displayedDate  |Moment     | yes  |   | The date (year/month) which is being displayed on the picker.  |
| minDate  | Moment    | no  |   | The minimum allowed date for the picker.  |
| maxDate  | Moment    | no  |   | The maximum allowed date for the picker.  |
| range  | boolean  | no  | false | Allows you to pick between range and single date selection.  |
| backdropStyle  | Object | no  |   | Styling for the backdrop of the picker.  |
| containerStyle  | Object   |no  |   | Styling for the picker container. |
| headerStyle  | Object   |no     |   | Styling for header area. |
| headerTextStyle  | Object   | no    |   | Styling for header text.  |
| monthButtonsStyle  |  Object  | no    |   | Styling for previous/next month buttons, will only work if the icons provided are ``svg`` format. |
| dayStyle  | Object  |no      |   | Styling for a single day element. |
| dayTextStyle  | Object   | no    |   | Styling for the text of a single day element.  |
| selectedStyle| Object   | no    |   | Styling for selected day element(s).  |
| selectedTextStyle| Object  |no      |   | Styling for the text of selected day element(s). |
| disabledStyle| Object   | no    |   | Styling for disabled day element(s).  |
| disabledTextStyle| Object  |no      |   | Styling for the text of disabled day element(s). |
| monthPrevButton| Node | no  |   | Icon for previous button.   |
| monthNextButton| Node | no  |   | Icon for next button.    |
| moment | Moment | no  |   | Custom Moment object, useful for setting custom locale.   |

## Questions & Suggestions

Feel free to contact me at deniz@deniz.gg for your questions and suggestions.

Commit message:

added day headers & refactoring & improved styling

README.md, after:


# react-native-daterange-picker

A React Native component for picking date ranges or single dates.

- Completely customizable
- Uses Moment.js for handling dates


<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/date_range_3.gif" width=300/>


## Installation

```yarn add react-native-daterange-picker```

or

```npm install --save react-native-daterange-picker```

## Usage


### Date range

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment()
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          endDate={endDate}
          startDate={startDate}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
          range
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```

### Single date

<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/single_date_2.gif" width=300/>

Use the ```date``` prop instead of the ```startDate``` and ```endDate``` props.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
	  date: null,
      displayedDate: moment()
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { date, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          date={date}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```

### Minimum and maximum allowed dates

<img src="http://www.deniz.gg/disabled_dates_1.gif" width=300/>

Use the ```minDate``` and ```maxDate``` props to disable the dates that aren't allowed.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import  moment  from  "moment";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment(),
      minDate: moment().set("date", 17),
      maxDate: moment().set("date", 20)
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate, minDate, maxDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          startDate={startDate}
          endDate={endDate}
          minDate={minDate}
          maxDate={maxDate}
          range
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```


### Setting locale

Simply pass your custom Moment object with locale attached to it as a prop.

```js
import React from "react";
import { StyleSheet, View, Text } from "react-native";
import DateRangePicker from "react-native-daterange-picker";

import moment from "moment/min/moment-with-locales";
moment.locale("en");

export default class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      startDate: null,
      endDate: null,
      displayedDate: moment(),
    };
  }

  setDates = dates => {
    this.setState({
      ...dates
    });
  };

  render() {
    const { startDate, endDate, displayedDate } = this.state;
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <DateRangePicker
          onChange={this.setDates}
          endDate={endDate}
          startDate={startDate}
          displayedDate={displayedDate}
          range
          moment={moment}
        >
          <Text>Click me!</Text>
        </DateRangePicker>
      </View>
    );
  }
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#fff",
    alignItems: "center",
    justifyContent: "center"
  }
});
```


## Options


|Property|type|required?|defaultValue|Description|
|---|---|:-:|:-:|---|
| onChange| function| yes  |   | Date change callback function.  |
| startDate  | Moment  | yes (if ```range```)  |   | Value of the picked start date.  |
| endDate  | Moment    |yes (if ```range```)   |   | Value of the picked end date.  |
| date |Moment    | yes (if no ```range```) |   | Value of the picked single date.  |
| displayedDate  |Moment     | yes  | | The date (year/month) which is being displayed on the picker.  |
| minDate  | Moment    | no  |   | The minimum allowed date for the picker.  |
| maxDate  | Moment    | no  |   | The maximum allowed date for the picker.  |
| range  | boolean  | no  | false | Allows you to pick between range and single date selection.  |
| dayHeaders| boolean  | no  | true | Allows you to enable/disable day headers. |
| backdropStyle  | Object | no  |   | Styling for the backdrop of the picker.  |
| containerStyle  | Object   |no  |   | Styling for the picker container. |
| headerStyle  | Object   |no     |   | Styling for header area. |
| headerTextStyle  | Object   | no    |   | Styling for header text.  |
| monthButtonsStyle  |  Object  | no    |   | Styling for previous/next month buttons, will only work if the icons provided are ``svg`` format. |
| dayStyle  | Object  |no      |   | Styling for a single day element. |
| dayTextStyle  | Object   | no    |   | Styling for the text of a single day element.  |
| selectedStyle| Object   | no    |   | Styling for selected day element(s).  |
| selectedTextStyle| Object  |no      |   | Styling for the text of selected day element(s). |
| dayHeaderStyle| Object   | no    |   | Styling for selected day header element(s).  |
| dayHeaderTextStyle| Object  |no      |   | Styling for the text of day header element(s). |
| disabledStyle| Object   | no    |   | Styling for disabled day element(s).  |
| disabledTextStyle| Object  |no      |   | Styling for the text of disabled day element(s). |
| monthPrevButton| Node | no  |   | Icon for previous button.   |
| monthNextButton| Node | no  |   | Icon for next button.    |
| moment | Moment | no  |   | Custom Moment object, useful for setting custom locale.   |

## Questions & Suggestions

Feel free to contact me at deniz@deniz.gg for your questions and suggestions.
